README.md, before:

# workfront-cookie

[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/Workfront/workfront-cookie.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
[![NPM version][npm-version-image]][npm-url] [![NPM downloads][npm-downloads-image]][npm-url] [![Dependencies][deps-image]][deps-url] [![Dev. Dependencies][dev-deps-image]][dev-deps-url] [![MIT License][license-image]][license-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Coverage][codecov-image]][codecov-url]

Provides methods for extracting values from workfront cookies.

## Installation

Via NPM:

`npm i workfront-cookie --save-dev`

Package provides UMD bundle, so you can also include it to your page using `<script>` tag.

In that case a global variable called `WorkfrontCookie` will be created.  


## API

Bundle exposes an object with the following items:

#### COOKIE_NAME: string

A constant string representing name of the Workfront cookie.

#### getSessionID(cookieString?: string): undefined | string

Returns Workfront session ID currently stored in the cookie.

It case the second argument is specified, value will be extracted from that string instead of using `document.cookie`. 

If for some reason it is impossible to determine session ID, this method will return `undefined`.

#### readCookie(name: string, cookieString?: string): undefined | string

Returns value for the given key (`name`) stored in cookie.

It case the second argument is specified, value will be extracted from that string instead of using `document.cookie`.

## License

MIT (http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[deps-image]: https://img.shields.io/david/Workfront/workfront-cookie.svg
[deps-url]: https://david-dm.org/Workfront/workfront-cookie

[dev-deps-image]: https://img.shields.io/david/dev/Workfront/workfront-cookie.svg
[dev-deps-url]: https://david-dm.org/Workfront/workfront-cookie#info=devDependencies

[license-image]: http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat
[license-url]: LICENSE

[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.org/package/workfront-cookie
[npm-version-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/workfront-cookie.svg?style=flat
[npm-downloads-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/workfront-cookie.svg?style=flat

[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/Workfront/workfront-cookie
[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/Workfront/workfront-cookie.svg?style=flat

[codecov-url]: https://codecov.io/gh/Workfront/workfront-cookie
[codecov-image]: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/Workfront/workfront-cookie.svg

Commit message:

feat: allow to read value of "XSRF-TOKEN" cookie, update unit tests

README.md, after:

# workfront-cookie

[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/Workfront/workfront-cookie.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
[![NPM version][npm-version-image]][npm-url] [![NPM downloads][npm-downloads-image]][npm-url] [![Dependencies][deps-image]][deps-url] [![Dev. Dependencies][dev-deps-image]][dev-deps-url] [![MIT License][license-image]][license-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Coverage][codecov-image]][codecov-url]

Provides methods for extracting values from workfront cookies.

## Installation

Via NPM:

`npm i workfront-cookie --save-dev`

Package provides UMD bundle, so you can also include it to your page using `<script>` tag.

In that case a global variable called `WorkfrontCookie` will be created.  


## API

Bundle exposes an object with the following items:

#### COOKIE_NAME: string

A constant string representing name of the Workfront cookie.

#### getSessionID(cookieString?: string): undefined | string

Returns Workfront session ID currently stored in the cookie.

In case the second argument is specified, value will be extracted from that string instead of using `document.cookie`. 

If for some reason it is impossible to determine session ID, this method will return `undefined`.

#### getXSRFToken(cookieString?: string): undefined | string

Returns Workfront XSRF token currently stored in the cookie. Eventually, this token will replace sessionID.

In case the second argument is specified, value will be extracted from that string instead of using `document.cookie`. 

If for some reason it is impossible to determine XSRF token, this method will return `undefined`.

#### readCookie(name: string, cookieString?: string): undefined | string

Returns value for the given key (`name`) stored in cookie.

It case the second argument is specified, value will be extracted from that string instead of using `document.cookie`.

## License

MIT (http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[deps-image]: https://img.shields.io/david/Workfront/workfront-cookie.svg
[deps-url]: https://david-dm.org/Workfront/workfront-cookie

[dev-deps-image]: https://img.shields.io/david/dev/Workfront/workfront-cookie.svg
[dev-deps-url]: https://david-dm.org/Workfront/workfront-cookie#info=devDependencies

[license-image]: http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat
[license-url]: LICENSE

[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.org/package/workfront-cookie
[npm-version-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/workfront-cookie.svg?style=flat
[npm-downloads-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/workfront-cookie.svg?style=flat

[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/Workfront/workfront-cookie
[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/Workfront/workfront-cookie.svg?style=flat

[codecov-url]: https://codecov.io/gh/Workfront/workfront-cookie
[codecov-image]: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/Workfront/workfront-cookie.svg
